use strict;
use warnings;

=head1 NAME

Net::Z3950::FOLIO::Config - configuration file for the FOLIO Z39.50 gateway

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  {
    "okapi": {
      "url": "http://folio-snapshot-465.aws.indexdata.com:9130",
      "tenant": "diku"
    },
    "login": {
      "username": "diku_admin",
      "password": "************"
    },
    "indexMap": {
      "1": "author",
      "4": "title",
      "21": "subject"
    },
    "fieldMap": {
      "title": "245$a",
      "author": "100$a"
    }
  }

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The FOLIO Z39.50 gateway C<z2folio> is configured by a single file,
named on the command-line, and expressed in JSON.  This file specifies
how to connect to FOLIO, how to log in, and how to translate its
instance records into MARC.

The structure of the file is pretty simple. There are several
top-level section, each described in its own section below, and each
of them an object with several keys that can exist in it.

=head2 C<"okapi">

Contains two elements, both with string values:

=over 4

=item C<"url">

The full URL to the Okapi server that provides the gateway to the
FOLIO installation.

=item C<"tenant">

The name of the tenant within that FOLIO installation whose inventory
model should be queried.

=back

=head2 C<"login">

Contains two elements, both with string values:

=over 4

=item C<"username">

The name of the user to log in as, unless overridden by authentication information in the Z39.50 init request.

=item C<"password">

The corresponding password, unless overridden by authentication information in the Z39.50 init request.

=back

=head2 C<"chunkSize">)

An integer specifying how many records to fetch from FOLIO with each
search. This can be tweaked to tune performance. Setting it too low
will result in many requests with small numbers of records returned
each time; setting it too high will result in fetching and decoding
more records than are actually wanted.

=head2 C<"indexMap">

Contains any number of elements, all with string values. The keys are
the numbers of BIB-1 use attributes, and the corresponding values are
those of fields in the FOLIO instance revord to map those
access-points to.

=head2 C<"fieldMap">

Contains any number of elements, all with string values. The keys are
the names of fields in the FOLIO instance record, and the
corresponding values are those of MARC fields to map those fields to.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item The C<z2folio> script conveniently launches the server.

=item C<Net::Z3950::FOLIO> is the library that consumes this configuration.

=item The C<Net::Z3950::SimpleServer> handles the Z39.50 service.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Mike Taylor, E<lt>mike@indexdata.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2018 by The Open Library Foundation

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the Apache Licence 2.0: see the LICENSE file.

=cut
    
